fix: bitbucket is repo provider (#9)
stoplightio/design-docs: docs/external-services.md

7. Jane, a developer on Bob's team, creates a Stoplight account by logging in with Github.
8. Step 3 repeats itself, but for Jane. This time, there ARE orgs and projects inside of Stoplight (one org, and three projects to be exact). In fact, Jane is a member of the organization that Bob already added to Stoplight! Thus, when we ask Github for the list of orgs and projects Jane has access to, we are able to match the external github org with the org in Stoplight, and add a row in our DB indicating Jane is a reader in this org.

**Stoplight Permissioning**

> The following roles, permissions, and mappings will be created by default. For the first phase, Stoplight users will not be able to add, modify, delete these within Stoplight. In a future phase, we will allow Stoplight users to maintain custom role setups. 

Reviewer: removed a couple instances of furture present tense ... technical writing should attempt to be in present tense in most cases.  

```suggestion
The following roles, permissions, and mappings are created by default. For the first phase, Stoplight users can add, modify, delete these within Stoplight. In a future phase, we will enable Stoplight users to maintain custom role setups.
```

Author: is this true? We won't allow users to edit roles/permissions in the first phase

*Stoplight Roles*

1. *owner*: someone who manages Orgs and their settings   
2. *admin*: someone who has access to more sensitive info like project ci tokens
3. *writer*: someone who contributes content
4. *reader*: someone who consumes content
5. *billing*: someone who only performs billing related actions

*Stoplight Permissions*

1. *ci:read*: allows users to view project ci tokens and the instructions on how to use them during the analyze process
2. *ci:write*: allows users to re-generate project ci tokens
3. *org:read*: allows users to view content belonging to the org
4. *org:write*: allows users to change org settings
5. *org:delete*: allows users to delete an org (and all of its projects) from Stoplight

> 6. *org:push*: allows users edit content belonging to org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. *org:push*: allows users to edit content belonging to org
```

> 7. *billing:write*: allows users modify billing information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. *billing:write*: allows users to modify billing information
```

8. *billing:read*: alows users to view billing information

> > Permissions will never be able to be edited by Stoplight users. If we release a new feature/product that requires a new permission, we will write a DB migration that will add this permission. We will then mention in release notes to customers what the permission enables and that they can add it to roles to give users access to the new feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Permissions will never be able to be edited by Stoplight users. If we release a new feature/product that requires new permissions, we will write a DB migration that will add this permission. We will then mention in release notes to customers what the permission enables and that they can add it to roles to give users access to the new feature.
```

*Role to Permission Mapping*

1. admin --> ci:read, ci:write, org:read, org:write, org:delete, org:push, billing:write, billing:read
2. owner --> org:read, org:write, org:delete, org:push 
3. writer --> org:read, org:push
4. reader --> org:read
5. billing --> billing:write, billing:read

**Stoplight to External Serice Role Mappings**

> Stoplight Roles will also be mapped to External Roles. This mapping will be used when syncing permissions from external services to grant users the correct roles that match their roles in the external service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stoplight platform Roles are mapped to External Roles. These mappings are used when syncing permissions from external services to grant users the correct permissions that match their roles in the external service.
```

> We will provide the following default Stoplight role to external service role mappings for each external service kind we support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide the following default Stoplight role to external service role mappings for each external service kind we support.
```

*Github*

Github Role | Stoplight Role
------------|---------------
owner       | owner
billing     | billing
member      | writer

*Gitlab*

Gitlab Role | Stoplight Role
------------|---------------
owner       | owner
maintainer  | writer
developer   | writer
reporter    | reader
guest       | reader

*Bitbucket*

Bitbucket Role | Stoplight Role
---------------|---------------
admin          | owner
writer         | writer
reader         | reader

> As with Roles and Role to permission mappings, Stoplight users will be able to edit these mappings in a future phase. We will start out with users not being able to edit these mappings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with Roles and Role to permission mappings, Stoplight users can edit these mappings in a future phase. We begin by users not being able to edit these mappings.
```

> **Role/Permision Table Structure**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Role/Permission Table Structure**
```
